Help again.
So how do researchers share work.
Of course when you know that to give a portion of the research the producers share is not what we do
percentage a young.
Just use the percentile to understand what does mean a resource pool and how we separated the resources
available.
But in a rich environment we use research shared by our number.
So the research center is like upwind for example we have a host that hosts have about for example in
this situation eight thousand plus 4000 plus two thousand.
That's me.
It's about 14 thousands.
So when we take our resource pool that we have available in the physical host that's when we separated
that resource pool to fourteen thousand point or fourteen thousand shares.
It's a method to use available resource by share point.
So when we create our business pool we give it our value or determinate it by the amount of sheer obstinate
to do.
Paul divided by the number of victory in mushing into full so we have three option choose to do resource
for physical resources for different resource pool.
We have the low the normal and height.
So when we chose low resource pool we get about 2000 or 2000 share.
So as you see here for example low 2000 cheer they when we create a normal it's give it about four thousand
share.
Then the high is about eight thousand shit.
But I mean the resource pool of normal is bubble of do low resource pool of heights is double of the
normal.
So when we separate our resource pool we chose normal to give it double of the low and high to give
to the dubber resource of the normal.
And so on and so on.
So far so good.
V.M. share value are in nice 4 to 1 right across the board.
So that's mean when we create additional support and of our virtual machine inside that church was for
example the last one we separated to do number how we called koodoo resource.
I've seen it before.
That's it machine.
We see the number of shared by the number of virtual machine.
So this virtual machine will take about 2000 share then we choose another visual machine into normal
this virtual machine take about four thousands share.
Mean this virtual machine have the double rissoles of this machine.
I mean if this one take about 20 percent of the super to this one take about 40 percent of the CPI and
a simple dream.
Then when we create a virtual machine into height should it take about 800 chip.
That's me.
This one will take the double missile's of this one and so on and so on.
But the question is what's the situation.
If we create a virtual machine in a normal or in a low.
So for that we have another diagram like this one as D.M. gets added to the normal pool and unbuttons
start to our career.
That's mean.
If we create a virtual machine in allow resouce that's mean but true in Washington about 2000 shares.
Then we create for victory and machine inside the normal shit.
And if you remember we surprised and put that shit up the number that a virtual machine lets me Vitry
and machine will take about one thousand share.
So this virtual machine took 1000 this one 1000 at this one and this one.
So the virtual machine in the low shed gets about 2000.
Shit that's mean it's cost room to double resource.
That virtual machine exists in the normal shit because we have four virtual machine separates the powerful
or the restorers exist in the normal.
So it's consume only one thousand share.
Then of course the highs also have one virtual machine.
If we give it to virtual machine everyone will take about 4000.
Shit.
So it still is more powerful.
But of course more virtual machines that mean less resource for a virtual machine.
So another situation that we have right there to fix the imbalance.
Shared values should be adjusted.
Rs not GM are added to the pool.
Multiply the dessert bar of virtual machines share value by the amount of virtual machine in the pool
to get an appropriate pool share value.
For example 4000 chip packaging and machine multiply by four yams into pool Ikhwan 16000 share for the
pool.
That's me to get do right shared between two different virtual machines that we want to teach in our
specific share value.
We need to change the sheer number for normal by Michy plain by the number of vigin machine.
So for example we have four virtual machine the four thousand share need to be multiplied by four virtual
machine to give Isherwood's your machine about 4000 a share.
So this is the solution to fix the problem.
So when we put our virtual machine into a lull we know that we give is about 2000 share.
When uproots a virtual machine in a normal by adjusting the number of the share for the Marma we know
that virtual machine will take about 4000 share.
Then when we create a virtual machine in the hides we know that we give is about eight hundred a share.
Of course in a situation we want to add another virtual machine in this.
We need to change due share height and it will automatically recalculates all number by 10.
So when we say that we give it's about 600 chair that does not mean the virtual machine right here will
have more resources than this one.
It will make its own calculation by the percentage.
And of course when this one gets two gigabytes when we change this one to six thousand share this one
will not have to go buy it.
It will be have about 1 1 8 gigabytes.
And then the virtual machine that was taking four gigabyte or this one.
No it will take the move of this one but it was one point eight that's mean keep 1 6 gigabytes of RAM
and not forging up to have one and do same.
This one will be recalculated and take a double of this one right there or for a time of this one.
That's mean about 3.6 million people by true.
It's about 7 1 2 gigabyte overnight and not 8 gigabyte Ansorge so don't share.
Make It's on calculation to give the separate resource between different machine.
When we change share head we change all the value of the other virtual machine.
It was separated by a number of variable in the different share we have.
So this is the idea of the share you just know that your machine or don't normally get to the double
of the virtual machine of the load.
The virtual machine of the high gets Doubler's of the virtual machine or the normal You just need to
put the number right and he will make its own calculation to get to do value that is double it.
Of this one and this one gets to the value that he is doublet of this one.